# // Daily //
**Mood**: 😉
**Music**: Like a Villain - Bad Omens
**Weather**: ☀️
**Location**: Home

# //Digest//
Today was both a productive and also unproductive day. I started it off a bit later than expected and went to get a Dutch Bros coffee on my bike. It was nice riding my bike again, it has been quite a while and it was perfect weather to do so. I like zipping around so close to the water makes the air smell a bit nicer even if it is so close to a major road. speaking of the roads, I don't think I am going to be riding on the main street as it is so torn up it makes it almost dangerous to do so. I might look into how to request a road to be repaved sooner than later because it is quite awful. 

Once I got my coffee I sat at the Dutch Bros and just drank my coffee in peace reading the news while listening to the surrounding world around me. Again, a nicer than expected time. I think there is something missing for me about always being trapped inside when I do have a sense of adventure and wonder that comes from being outside in the sun. I'm just Neanderthalic like that I guess; though a lot of us could greatly benefit from more time spent outdoors I think. 

Once I finished I rode back home and decided to work on printing the [[Gridfinity]] base for my tool boxes top shelf. I wanted to get it perfectly organized and having Trixie's printer over here now makes me motivated to have all my tools ready for when I start working on getting her printer tuned up and ready to go! Having two printers running at the same time would be unwise financially so I will reserve that sort of power until I absolutely need to or am being paid to.

I then ran and performed some other chores around the house that were in much need of completion until it was time for me to go to Trixie's and carve pumpkins. Carving pumpkins was fun, I got a bunch of seeds to clean and roast so I'm excited! 
We ended up carving a cute cat into the pumpkin but it was so much effort!! Unfortunately the pumpkin was starting to mold in some spots so I did emergency surgery to remove the mold spots and then Vaseline the holes so they wouldn't rot. It took much longer than expected to complete, since we took a break in-between while the hot glue gun was heating up (*a failed attempt to cover up the mold by encasing it in glue...*).
Once the pumpkin was finished we just cleaned up the area, I helped her clean a fan in her room and I headed back home to spend the rest of the day relaxing and playing more games. 

# //Tags//
#pumpkin #trixie #3DPrinting #gridfinity 