# // Daily //
**Mood**: 😑
**Music**: Dragons Dream - Mondo Loops & Softy
**Weather**: ☀️
**Location**: Home

# //Digest//
Work was a slight slog. Managed to get a handful of things completed regarding the migration app, though at this point most improvements do it are more for my own self-gratification as the project winds down and the value of the app becomes worthless accordingly. I feel as if I am improving at my skills regarding Power Apps though the long-term likely-hood of creating an app in it in the future grows slim. 

I got my hair cut today which was much needed. I decided to maintain my current style which is a mix between mullet and fashionably long. There is a bit more volume in my hair than last time and I'm uncertain how that will translate into ease of maintaining, will take the weekend to mess around with it and try to get a feel. Wont return for another cut for at least 2 months now. Will be curious how much it grows within that time and how much I can tolerate its length. 

Assisted Trixie with moving some stuff around so she can ideally move back into her place soon. It was hard to be motivated as I was pretty exhausted from the work week and struggle from lack of medication. I did manage to get the measurements I needed for the Kori Closet project and will be buying the wood soon to get that started. I do need to buy a new blade for my hand saw and possibly a horse or two to cut on. I also reorganized what was in the closet currently to make it easier of a transition to move stuff in and out as needed until we finish the remainder of the room.

On the way home we stopped by several card shops so I could continue my ever growing need to own all of the One Piece cards. This time we visited two new card shops we'd never been to before. I was able to get a neat Devil Fruit Collection 2 and some packs while Trixie got a handful of specific magic cards for her collection, alongside a pricy Miku magic card. I am looking forward to trying to play the game more with strangers and possibly try to build some more decks and see how they play. I'm still so new at this and I can tell I still don't quite have the detailed mindset for deck building meta gaming yet. It will come in time I suppose.

For dinner we ate leftover chicken and rice. I tried a Kombucha Hard Cider for the first time; around 7% alcohol, and it managed to get me a bit tipsy. It was a nice feeling but I don't think I could handle more than one without some serious risk to intoxication. Last thing I need is both a trading card and alcohol addiction -haha- 

Decided to start a blog because it has been a while since I wrote down my thoughts and feelings and there is some value to be gained in doing so for myself. It does tend to make me feel a bit more 'heard' and also releases any pent up feelings I have about the day without needing to necessarily 'take it out' on anyone by forcing them to listen to me rant out loud. 

-- Andrew

# //Tags//
#OnePiece #Alocohol #Work #Trixie #Moving #Haircut 