# // Daily //
**Mood**: 😌
**Music**: Zombie Lady - Damiano David
**Weather**: ☀️
**Location**: Home

# //Digest//
The weekend has been a productive one. Managed to get Trixie's website mostly redone on Saturday ([[2025-09-13]]) and provided some slight touch-up today while she napped. I finished building my Whitebeard Pirates deck for the One Piece TCG. I'm excited to try and play it in a live setting and see how well it does. I hope I can get more time to play the game as I feel like my investment thus far has been a bit too high for something I never do anything with but collect (hence why I abandoned Magic the Gathering eons ago!). At the very least Kel continues to collect with me, we even had a call yesterday where we opened some more packs. I think he might be more into the collecting side than me but it has been fun having someone to talk about it with at the very least. 

This morning me and Trixie made some delicious rice/spam/egg wraps. They were a total mess to put together but they tasted alright to me. Keith seemed to enjoy them at the very least! I also managed to get my medical refilled on Friday ([[2025-09-12]]) so here is to hoping that the remainder of this month (while I still have valid health insurance) goes much better than the two weeks I didn't have access to the medication. I'm worried about just how much more productive I am on that medication because it truly does make me feel as if I need it daily just to accomplish tasks which sucks given that access to that medication is predicated on having a full time job that pays me enough to afford it. I truly hate this countries medical setup more than anything, it feels like it was built by people who themselves would not tolerate the system if they weren't getting free medical coverage through their employer.

I miss streaming a bit, but on some level I also concede that I'm not truly as interesting or funny as I'd like to think I am. Most people that enjoy watching me are probably doing so because of a nostalgia or parasocial reason. I don't really exude any sort of charm/presence remotely compared to in-person which makes it hard to engage with audiences. It is a skill after all, one that I've neve been able to master! I feel as though I tend to work better in-person but with someone else as well. Alone, I just don't have the energy or the desire to entertain people, but I do really enjoy doing it when I am live. Maybe some of it comes from the enlightenment of knowing it's truly a waste of time as a hobby. If I was doing it as a job maybe I could justify it, but seeing how content creation / any self-employment in the US requires at least 12 hours of your day to maintain it, I am constantly turned off by the demand as I get older. I want to spend more time doing things, and playing video games inside all day really made me feel isolated in a way that contributed to my depression. Granted it could also just be that let's playing isn't my forte and I should try other things (maybe pro One Piece player or Anime Let's Chatter?). It is worth trying again, but I still need to ensure I make time for Trixie, otherwise I will end up ruining my relationship as most likely is what ended up happening with Mandy. 

# //Tags//
#OnePiece #Streaming #Medication #Work #Trixie 